that's a really hard position to be in. Um, my first impulse would be
Thio advise you to speak to the professor directly and to tell them
that, you know, give them an example of something that made you feel
uncomfortable. That's that's occurred. Um, but I understand also that
students really may not feel comfortable doing that. And in that
case, I would advise you to go to the to the chair of the department
or to the dean of the college, or to the dean of students, and share
your feelings with them and if possible, if you can. If you can have
concrete examples of you know what has occurred that has made, you
know, maybe things the professor said or things that the professor
did that made you feel discriminated against or made you feel uncomfortable.
That could be really helpful. So, um, you know, because of
the imbalance in the power dynamic between professors and students,
I can very much understand that a student may not want Thio directly
speak to a professor if they're feeling already that this professor
is discriminating against them. But, um, you do have rights as a student
and s O. I would. I would definitely go to the chair of the department
or to the dean or to the dean of students.